<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_wp2_jv2_vs">
  <title>Flagging of Content Within Topics</title>
  <body>
    <p>This paragraph has no applicability.</p>
    <p
      audience="expert">This paragraph is applicable to @audience "expert". <ph
      outputclass="size_plus_2">I RUSHED UP</ph> onto the platform. Yes, open sea! Barely a few sparse floes, some moving icebergs; a sea stretching into the distance; hosts of birds in the air and myriads of fish under the waters, which varied from intense blue to olive green depending on the depth. The thermometer marked 3° centigrade. It was as if a comparative springtime had been locked up behind that Ice Bank, whose distant masses were outlined on the northern horizon.</p>
    <p
      audience="beginner">This paragraph is applicable to @audience "beginner". To the south, ten miles from the <i>Nautilus</i>, a solitary islet rose to a height of 200 meters. We proceeded toward it, but cautiously, because this sea could have been strewn with reefs.</p>
    <p
      product="whiz-o-matic">This paragraph is applicable to @product "whiz-o-matic". In an hour we had reached the islet. Two hours later we had completed a full circle around it. It measured four to five miles in circumference. A narrow channel separated it from a considerable shore, perhaps a continent whose limits we couldn't see. The existence of this shore seemed to bear out Commander Maury's hypotheses.</p>
    <p>This paragraph has no applicability.</p>
  </body>
</topic>
